I am so sorry for being so rude to you.
I apologize for being rude to you.
I am sorry for being rude to you.
The country is red, and the people are red.
My heart is empty, and I am in a garden.
I am in a big garden.
My shadow is reflected in the picture.
A long song, the waves of death, and a song of bullets.
I am in the country, and I am in a garden.
I am in a big garden.
I am far away from the country.
I can't see where people live.
I am in the sky, and I am in a garden.
The waves of death are blue.
I am in a big garden.
The time is passing by while I am writing.
I get down to the rock of the sun.
I feel lonely when I look at the things I think of.
The red flowers are shining.
If it is a quiet afternoon,
I will go to the house of the six-leaf clover.
I am in a big garden.